## Lista de Artigos

1. **S. Deo, D. Hinge, O. S. Chavan, Y. Olivia Wang and M. W. Mkaouer, "Analyzing Developer-ChatGPT Conversations for Software Refactoring: An Exploratory Study," 2024 IEEE/ACM 21st International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), Lisbon, Portugal, 2024, pp. 207-211.**
https://doi.org/10.1145/3643991.3645082

2. **Yang Chen and Reyhaneh Jabbarvand. 2024. Can ChatGPT Repair Non-Order-Dependent Flaky Tests? In Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Flaky Tests (FTW '24). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 22–29.**
https://doi.org/10.1145/3643656.3643900

3. **L. Wu, Y. Zhao, X. Hou, T. Liu and H. Wang, "ChatGPT Chats Decoded: Uncovering Prompt Patterns for Superior Solutions in Software Development Lifecycle," 2024 IEEE/ACM 21st International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), Lisbon, Portugal, 2024, pp. 142-146.**
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10555800&isnumber=10555584

4. **Y. Feng, S. Vanam, M. Cherukupally, W. Zheng, M. Qiu and H. Chen, "Investigating Code Generation Performance of ChatGPT with Crowdsourcing Social Data," 2023 IEEE 47th Annual Computers, Software, and Applications Conference (COMPSAC), Torino, Italy, 2023, pp. 876-885, doi: 10.1109/COMPSAC57700.2023.00117.**

5. **S. Hamer, M. d’Amorim and L. Williams, "Just another copy and paste? Comparing the security vulnerabilities of ChatGPT generated code and StackOverflow answers," 2024 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops (SPW), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2024, pp. 87-94, doi: 10.1109/SPW63631.2024.00014.**

6. **C. Niu, T. Zhang, C. Li, B. Luo and V. Ng, "On Evaluating the Efficiency of Source Code Generated by LLMs," 2024 IEEE/ACM First International Conference on AI Foundation Models and Software Engineering (Forge) Conference Acronym:, Lisbon, Portugal, 2024, pp. 103-107, doi: 10.1145/3650105.3652295.**

7. R. Tufano, O. Dabić, A. Mastropaolo, M. Ciniselli and G. Bavota, "Code Review Automation: Strengths and Weaknesses of the State of the Art," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 50, no. 2, pp. 338-353, Feb. 2024, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2023.3348172.

8. P. Wang, L. Zhu, Q. Wang, O. Jaiteh and C. Guo, "An Empirical Understanding of Code Clone Detection by ChatGPT," 2023 6th International Conference on Data Science and Information Technology (DSIT), Shanghai, China, 2023, pp. 78-83, doi: 10.1109/DSIT60026.2023.00021.

9. Y. Li, J. Xu, Y. Zhu, H. Liu and P. Liu, "The Impact of ChatGPT on Software Engineering Education: A Quick Peek," 2023 10th International Conference on Dependable Systems and Their Applications (DSA), Tokyo, Japan, 2023, pp. 595-596, doi: 10.1109/DSA59317.2023.00087.

10. Terrence J. Sejnowski, "ChatGPT and the Future of AI," in ChatGPT and the Future of AI: The Deep Language Revolution , MIT Press, 2024, pp.1-5. https://doi.org/10.7551/mitpress/15580.001.0001

11. Yue Liu, Thanh Le-Cong, Ratnadira Widyasari, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Li Li, Xuan-Bach D. Le, and David Lo. 2024. Refining ChatGPT-Generated Code: Characterizing and Mitigating Code Quality Issues. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. 33, 5, Article 116 (June 2024), 26 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3643674

12. Z. Liu, Y. Tang, X. Luo, Y. Zhou and L. F. Zhang, "No Need to Lift a Finger Anymore? Assessing the Quality of Code Generation by ChatGPT," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 50, no. 6, pp. 1548-1584, June 2024, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2024.3392499.
keywords: {Codes;Chatbots;Task analysis;Complexity theory;Security;Transformers;Electronic mail;Large language model;ChatGPT;code generation},

13. Ruotong Wang, Ruijia Cheng, Denae Ford, and Thomas Zimmermann. 2024. Investigating and Designing for Trust in AI-powered Code Generation Tools. In Proceedings of the 2024 ACM Conference on Fairness, Accountability, and Transparency (FAccT '24). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1475–1493. https://doi.org/10.1145/3630106.3658984

14. Christos Fragkathoulas and Odysseas Spyridon Chlapanis. 2024. Local Explanations and Self-Explanations for Assessing Faithfulness in black-box LLMs. In Proceedings of the 13th Hellenic Conference on Artificial Intelligence (SETN '24). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 56, 1–5. https://doi.org/10.1145/3688671.3688775

15. David Mertz, Regular Expression Puzzles and AI Coding Assistants: 24 puzzles solved by the author, with and without assistance from Copilot, ChatGPT and more , Manning, 2023. keywords: {Python;Github;regular expressions;large language models;LLMs;OpenAI;Google;Amazon;prompts;machine-generated;tasks;tutorial;productivity;programming;assistants},

16. E. B. Martin and S. Ghosh, "GitHub Copilot: A Threat to High School Security? Exploring GitHub Copilot's Proficiency in Generating Malware from Simple User Prompts," 2023 International Conference on Emerging Trends in Networks and Computer Communications (ETNCC), Windhoek, Namibia, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ETNCC59188.2023.10284976. keywords: {Ethics;Computer viruses;Market research;Encoding;Distance measurement;Ransomware;Trojan horses;GitHub Copilot;cybersecurity;malware generation;school network security;internal cyber-attacks;cybersecurity risk management in schools;script kiddies},
